# Discussion: HW-M2

Please post your about HW-M2 in here. You friends will try to help you.

<p>
Clearly, the JavaScript (language without any flaws) method is the best because then the code is actually executable in a repl. Python also uses <code>**</code> as well. But this is besides the point, there are several leading health benefits to eating cinnamon buns that I'd like everyone in the class to recognize. Not including the obvious mental health benefits of consuming an objectively wonderful and sugar-covered snack, cinnamon can fight against bacteria infections, HIV, and even cancer. Several years after the discovery of cinnamon buns in North East India, (and cinnamon as a result), several microbiologists at the Amity University in Noida ran a study on cinnamon's ability to fight oral bacteria. Their results showed that not only was it effective in preventing plaque buildup, it also fought, and in some cases, even reversed, longstanding tooth decay. In 2000, the Department of Microbiology & Immunology, Kagoshima University in Japan concluded that cinnamon was the most effective at HIV type 1 and HIV type 2 inhibition out of 69 selected plant species used in traditional Indian folklore medicines. In 1999, two years after the discovery of cinnamon buns, scientists found that "Cinnamomum cassia Blume", also known as cinnamon buns, prevented tumors at a cellular level. The benefits of cinnamon cannot be understated. Naturally, these benefits carry over well to cinnamon buns. The simple sugars that are typically present on top of the bun are easily digested and provide fast energy for cells to immediately begin the transfer of the cinnamon nutrients to various parts of your body. Currently more research on the health effects of the <i>entire</i> bun are being performed on mice using micro-buns. Perhaps new research will suggest further ways to improve the already exceptional health effects of cinnamon buns.

<ul>
<li>Gupta C, Kumari A, Garg AP, Catanzaro R, Marotta F. Comparative study of cinnamon oil and clove oil on some oral microbiota. Acta Biomed. 2011 Dec;82(3):197-9. PMID: 22783715.</li>
<li>Lee CW, Hong DH, Han SB, Park SH, Kim HK, Kwon BM, Kim HM. Inhibition of human tumor growth by 2'-hydroxy- and 2'-benzoyloxycinnamaldehydes. Planta Med. 1999 Apr;65(3):263-6. doi: 10.1055/s-2006-960772. PMID: 10232076.</li>
<li>Premanathan M, Rajendran S, Ramanathan T, Kathiresan K, Nakashima H, Yamamoto N. A survey of some Indian medicinal plants for anti-human immunodeficiency virus (HIV) activity. Indian J Med Res. 2000 Sep;112:73-7. PMID: 11094851.</li>
</ul>
</p>
